Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
IT'S A SIMPLE
QUESTION. REALLY.
YOU FIND A PRESENT
HIDDEN IN THE CLOSET.
ARE YOU THE TYPE
WHO PEEKS?
I DON'T KNOW. DOCTOR.
I GO BACK AND FORTH.
I LIKE SURPRISES.
BUT I'M PAINTING THIS WEEKEND.
YOU KNOW. PINK OR BLUE?
WELL. YOU'VE WAITED
THIS LONG.
WHAT'S ANOTHER
TWO WEEKS?
TOO LONG.
OKAY. I WANT TO PEEK.
PINK.
IT'S A GIRL?
I'M HAVING A LITTLE GIRL?
OH!
OH. MY GOD...
A BABY GIRL.
GROWTH IS CONSISTENT
WITH SIZE.
SHE'S RIGHT
AT ABOUT SIX POUNDS.
HERE YOU GO.
ANY DIZZINESS.
HEADACHES. NAUSEA?
YEAH. ALL OF THE ABOVE. WHY?
YOUR BLOOD PRESSURE IS HIGH.
140 OVER 90.
WORK STILL HECTIC?
CRAZY IS MORE LIKE IT.
TRYING TO CROSS ALL THE "T"S
AND DOT ALL THE "I"S
BEFORE I GO ON MATERNITY LEAVE.
DOES THIS HURT?
A LITTLE.
SHOULD I BE CONCERNED?
WITH HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE.
THERE'S ALWAYS
THE RISK OF TOXEMIA.
IT'S SOMETHING
I LIKE TO KEEP MY EYE ON.
WHEN DO YOU GO ON LEAVE?
AT THE END OF THE WEEK.
WELL. I WOULD LIKE
TO MONITOR YOU CLOSELY
UNTIL THE BIRTH.
CAN YOU
COME IN TOMORROW?
NO. NO.
FRIDAY'S IMPOSSIBLE.
I HAVE A MAJOR
CLIENT PRESENTATION
THIS AFTERNOON.
AND IF WE GET THE ACCOUNT.
THEN I'LL BE UP TO
MY EARS IN LEGAL TOMORROW.
HERE'S THE WEB ADDRESS
FOR THE PRENATAL
OUTREACH PROGRAM
THE HOSPITAL RUNS.
YOU CAN APPLY ONLINE.
MAYBE THEY'LL BE ABLE
TO SEND YOU A NURSE
OVER THIS WEEKEND.
IF NOT. I WANT TO SEE YOU
FIRST THING MONDAY MORNING.
DOCTOR'S ORDERS.
YES. SIR.
THANK YOU.
THE ACT OF CREATION
CAN BE A RICHLY REWARDING EXPERIENCE.
BUT IT'S NOT WITHOUT ITS SHARE OF DIFFICULTIES.
IN ORDER FOR YOUR COMPANY
TO BECOME A MAJOR PLAYER
IN THE INTERNATIONAL
CARRIER BUSINESS.
WE'LL BE TAKING ON
THE HEAVY HITTERS.
FEDEX. DHL. UPS...
IT DOESN'T GET
ANY HOTTER THAN THAT.
AS LONG AS
THEY'RE TAKING THE HEAT.
WHEN WE'VE GOT 'EM
BACKED UP AGAINST THE ROPES.
WE'VE COMMITTED
TO A LONG-TERM.
AGGRESSIVE CAMPAIGN--
DO YOU THINK WE CAN TAKE 'EM
TO THE CANVAS WITH THIS?
WE'RE OLD FIGHT FANS.
ROYCE. THAT'S OLD SCHOOL.
I PREFER THE FINESSE.
THE STRATEGY.
MYSELF. I'M PARTIAL
TO HEAVYWEIGHTS.
I LIKE PUNCHERS.
GUYS THAT GO
FOR THE KNOCKOUT.
YOU QUITE SURE ABOUT THAT?
BECAUSE THE LARGER CANVAS
DOESN'T FAVOR THE PUNCHER.
MY FATHER WAS A SPORTSWRITER.
I GREW UP
PRACTICALLY WORSHIPPING ALI.
I'M LISTENING.
YOU'RE NUMBER ONE
ON THE EAST COAST.
BUT WE'RE TALKING ABOUT
THE GLOBAL ARENA.
YOU SHOULD CONSIDER
STICKING AND JABBING.
TO WORK YOUR WAY
INTO A WINNING POSITION.
ARE YOU SAYING
I'M OUT OF MY WEIGHT CLASS?
NOT AT ALL.
I AM SIMPLY SAYING
YOU HAVE TO BE WILLING
TO GO THE DISTANCE.
TO SPEND THE KIND
OF SERIOUS MONEY IT TAKES
TO CREATE A MARKET LEADER.
WELL. WHAT DID THEY SAY?
BEARING IN MIND
THAT ROYCE CLAYTON
IS A CLOSE.
PERSONAL FRIEND OF MINE...
DO YOU REALLY BELIEVE
HE HAS A SHOT.
GOING TOE TO TOE
WITH THE BIG BOYS?
YES. I DO.
WHY. JENNA?
BECAUSE THOSE OTHER
COMPANIES ARE VULNERABLE.
BECAUSE STATISTICS SHOW
THAT THE MARKET WILL BEAR IT.
BECAUSE IT'S GOOD
FOR HIS BUSINESS.
BECAUSE IF WE FAIL.
A 30-YEAR-OLD COMPANY
WILL BE DESTROYED.
2.000 PEOPLE
WILL BE OUT OF WORK.
AND I'LL LOSE AN OLD FRIEND.
WE GOT THE ACCOUNT?
AS OF RIGHT NOW.
CLAYTON SHIPPING'S REPRESENTED
BY KLEINE/WALTERS ADVERTISING.
OH. YES!
OR MORE SPECIFICALLY.
BY THE NEW SENIOR VP.
JENNA DAVIS.
OH. YES!
CONGRATULATIONS.
OH. THANK YOU.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
JENNA. I KNOW HOW HARD
YOU'VE WORKED ON THIS ACCOUNT.
COMING IN SIX.
SEVEN DAYS A WEEK--
I'M NOT COMPLAINING.
AS SENIOR VP.
YOU DO UNDERSTAND
THE HOURS ARE
ONLY GOING TO GET WORSE.
I'M HERE FOR YOU
NIGHT AND DAY.
WHAT I'M ALLUDING TO
IN A LESS THAN SUBTLE FASHION
IS...
ARE YOU SURE
YOU'RE UP TO IT?
MR. WALTERS...
DON.
OKAY. DON.
I KNOW THAT WHEN YOU HIRED ME.
YOU WEREN'T EXPECTING
THAT...
WELL. THAT I WOULD BE EXPECTING.
BELIEVE ME.
I WAS JUST AS SURPRISED.
MY POINT IS...
I WON'T LET YOU DOWN.
OKAY THEN.
[VOMITING]
WHAT'S HER PROBLEM?
ROZ?
SHE THINKS YOU STOLE
HER PROMOTION.
CONGRATULATIONS. BY THE WAY.
ON LANDING THE ACCOUNT.
THANKS.
NOW THE REAL WORK BEGINS.
ANY CHANCE I CAN INTEREST YOU
IN SOME PIZZA AND
PASTE-UP THIS EVENING?
I CAN'T.
KELLI'S DANCE RECITAL. REMEMBER?
OH. GOSH. YES.
I HAVE IT IN MY CALENDAR.
I DON'T KNOW
WHERE MY MIND IS AT.
YOU OKAY?
EVERYTHING GO ALL RIGHT
AT THE DOCTOR'S?
YEAH. IT'S FINE.
I JUST HAVE SO MUCH TO DO
BEFORE...
MY WHOLE LIFE.
I'VE WANTED A JOB LIKE THIS...
YOU KNOW WHAT THEY SAY.
"BE CAREFUL WHAT YOU--"
"BE CAREFUL WHAT YOU WISH FOR."
I KNOW.
I JUST DON'T KNOW
HOW I AM GOING TO RAISE A CHILD
AND RUN THIS DEPARTMENT.
GUESS I DIDN'T THINK IT
ALL THE WAY THROUGH. HUH. HONEY?
YOU'LL FIND A WAY.
YOU'LL MANAGE.
MOTHERS DO.
THANKS FOR
THE VOTE OF CONFIDENCE.
OH. THE CONFERENCE CALL'S
BEEN PULLED UP.
BUT I STILL HAVE A LITTLE TIME.
I'M GOING TO RUN OUT
FOR ABOUT AN HOUR
AND GET SOME BABY THINGS.
DON'T FORGOT
THE CONTRACTS FROM LEGAL.
I NEED THEM FOR THE CALL.
[BEEPS]
[MAN]: THIS IS THE PHONE COMPANY CALLING.
CAN WE INTEREST YOU
IN A GREAT PACKAGE
FOR ONE LOW PRICE.
OFFERING ALL OF OUR TOP--
[CLICKS]
[TOM]: JENNA. HEY. IT'S TOM.
IT'S BEEN A WHILE. I KNOW.
I WAS JUST...
WELL. I WAS THINKING
ABOUT YOU.
WONDERING WHAT YOU'RE UP TO.
WITH YOUR PLACE.
WITH YOUR JOB.
I HOPE IT'S EVERYTHING YOU THOUGHT IT WOULD BE.
IF YOU GET A CHANCE. CALL ME.
I'D LOVE TO CATCH UP.
ANYWAY. TAKE CARE.
[TELEPHONE RINGS]
HELLO?
[WOMAN]:
JENNA DAVIS?
YES. SPEAKING.
HI. I'M LYNNE MALLORY.
YOU INQUIRED ABOUT
THE PRENATAL PROGRAM?
OH. YEAH.
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR CALLING.
DOCTOR MORRIS RECOMMENDED IT.
PLEASE.
TELL ME YOU MAKE HOUSE CALLS?
THAT'S WHAT
THE OUTREACH PROGRAM
IS ALL ABOUT.
WE PROVIDE A RANGE
OF IN-HOME SERVICES.
WHY DID YOUR DOCTOR
ASK YOU TO ENROLL?
MY BLOOD PRESSURE'S ELEVATED.
WE CAN HELP WITH THAT.
I'LL ALSO BE ABLE
TO ADVISE YOU
ON DIET AND NUTRITION.
WHAT'S YOUR
SCHEDULE LIKE?
I'M PAINTING SATURDAY.
IS THERE ANY WAY
YOU CAN COME SUNDAY?
SUNDAY'S GOOD FOR ME.
HOW ABOUT NOON?
GREAT. THANKS.
I'LL SEE YOU THEN.
BYE. BYE.
HANG ON. I GOT ANOTHER CALL.
HELLO?
[JENNA]: TOM?
JENNA.
HEY. HOLD ON A SEC.
IS THIS A BAD TIME?
NO. JUST LET ME
GET RID OF THE OTHER LINE.
LOOK. I HAVE TO CALL YOU BACK.
YEAH.
HOW ARE YOU?
THE USUAL. BUSY. STRESSED.
NEW JOB'S
GOT YOU RUNNING RAGGED. HUH?
ACTUALLY. I LOVE IT.
I JUST GOT PROMOTED
TO SENIOR VP.
WOW. CONGRATULATIONS.
HOW'S THE CITY?
WHAT I'VE SEEN OF IT.
I'VE BEEN PRACTICALLY
LIVING AT THE OFFICE.
THAT CAN'T BE GOOD.
ALL WORK AND NO PLAY--
YOU'RE PROBABLY SITTING AROUND
IN YOUR UNDERWEAR RIGHT NOW.
PREPPING A LAYOUT FOR THE PAPER.
GUILTY AS CHARGED.
[CHUCKLES]
SO. UM...
I'VE BEEN THINKING ABOUT THINGS.
YEAH?
YEAH.
WHAT KIND OF THINGS?
WELL. YOU KNOW. US THINGS.
REALLY?
YOU SOUND SURPRISED--
[CELLPHONE RINGING]
OH. TOM. HANG ON A SECOND.
MY CELL'S RINGING.
DO YOU HAVE TO TAKE THAT?
YEAH. I'M SORRY.
I WILL CALL YOU BACK. THOUGH.
SURE.
TAKE CARE OF YOURSELF.
AND CONGRATS. YOU KNOW.
ON EVERYTHING.
[RINGING]
THANKS.
BYE.
HI. MADELINE.
IT'S ME...
YOUR MOMMY.
WELL. IT'S ALMOST TIME
FOR YOU TO COME OUT
INTO THE WORLD.
SO I THOUGHT I WOULD GIVE YOU
A GUIDED TOUR OF YOUR NEW HOME.
THIS IS YOUR ROOM.
RIGHT NEXT TO MINE.
OKAY. IT'S A WORK IN PROGRESS.
SHOOT!
[DOORBELL RINGS]
I'LL BE THERE IN A MINUTE.
ONE MINUTE!
COMING!
YOU MUST BE LYNNE.
THE UNIFORM'S
A DEAD GIVEAWAY. HUH?
YEAH. COME IN.
CAN I GET YOU
SOMETHING?
COFFEE OR ANYTHING?
LORD. NO.
ONE MORE CUP.
I'LL BE BOUNCING OFF THE WALLS.
HAVE YOU HAD
A NON-STRESS TEST BEFORE?
JUST ONCE.
AT 18 WEEKS.
OH. OKAY.
AND I'LL HAVE TO
TAKE SOME BLOOD AS WELL.
THAT'S NO PROBLEM.
GREAT. SHOULDN'T TAKE
MORE THAN 20 MINUTES.
OH. GOOD.
SO WHERE ARE YOU FROM?
COLUMBUS. YOU?
YOU NAME IT.
ARMY BRAT.
HOW LONG HAVE YOU BEEN A NURSE?
18 YEARS.
BUT WHO'S COUNTING?
HOW ABOUT YOU?
I'M CREATIVE DIRECTOR
AND SENIOR VP
FOR AN ADVERTISING AGENCY.
HOLY MOLY.
THAT EVEN SOUNDS BUSY.
OH! HANDSOME FELLA.
HE THE FATHER?
UM. ACTUALLY...
THERE I GO. STICKING MY NOSE
WHERE IT DON'T BELONG.
FORGIVE ME.
NO. NO. NO.
IT'S OKAY.
IT'S ACTUALLY NICE TO TALK
TO SOMEONE BESIDES A CO-WORKER.
TELL YOU THE TRUTH.
I THINK YOU'RE THE FIRST COMPANY
I'VE HAD
SINCE I MOVED HERE
EIGHT MONTHS AGO.
ON YOUR OWN. ARE YOU?
YEAH. THE JOB WAS TOO GOOD
TO PASS UP.
OF COURSE. IF I'D HAD
A REASON TO STAY...
WELL. YOU WILL HAVE COMPANY
SOON ENOUGH.
LET'S TAKE A LOOK.
BABY'S HEART RATE
LOOKS GOOD.
148. PERFECT.
NO PRE-TERM CONTRACTIONS.
GREAT.
WE'RE DONE.
I JUST NEED
YOUR INSURANCE CARD
SO I CAN BILL YOU.
SURE. LET ME
GET MY PURSE.
HERE WE GO.
OKAY. OOH.
THERE YOU GO.
YOU'VE GOT A LOVELY HOUSE.
VERY WARM AND INVITING.
GOT GOOD--
WHAT DO THEY CALL THAT--
FUNG...
FUNG-SOMETHING--
FENG SHUI.
I'M SORRY.
MY FAULT.
MY EX ALWAYS
USED TO COMPLAIN
THAT I WAS SNEAKING
UP ON HIM.
GREAT COLOR SCHEME.
IT'S BEAUTIFUL.
IT WILL BE
WHEN IT'S FINISHED.
OH. HERE.
GREAT. OH. AND I ALMOST FORGOT.
I'VE GOT SOME NEW
PRENATAL VITAMINS FOR YOU.
THEY HAVE HIGHER DOSES
OF VITAMINS C AND E.
WHICH MIGHT HELP
WITH YOUR CONDITION.
YOU SHOULD TAKE TWO NOW.
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
YEAH.
JUST A LITTLE DIZZY IS ALL.
YOU LOOK EXHAUSTED.
THAT'S NOT THE HALF OF IT.
WHY DON'T YOU LIE DOWN
AND HAVE A NAP?
I CAN LET MYSELF OUT.
YOU SURE?
POSITIVE.
YOU LET YOURSELF REST.
THERE YOU GO.
THAT WOULD BE GREAT.
THANKS.
THERE YOU GO.
ALL RIGHT. JUST RELAX.
OH. AND HERE'S YOUR CARD.
THANKS.
SO IF YOU NEED ANYTHING.
AND I MEAN ANYTHING.
YOU JUST CALL ME. OKAY?
THANK YOU.
BYE.
BYE-BYE.
OH!
NO! NO!
PLEASE. PLEASE!
PLEASE!
NO!
IT'S OKAY.
I'LL TAKE THOSE.
JENNA?
I'M VERY SORRY.
THESE ARE TO STOP THE MILK
COMING IN.
THE HOSPITAL
WILL GIVE YOU ENOUGH
TO TAKE WITH YOU
WHEN YOU'RE RELEASED.
THERE IS A GRIEF COUNSELOR
ON STAFF.
I CAN ARRANGE
FOR YOU TO SEE HIM.
CAN YOU TELL ME WHAT HAPPENED?
WHEN DID YOU START
GOING INTO LABOR?
I DON'T KNOW.
MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT. I GUESS.
I...
I PASSED OUT.
DO YOU REMEMBER ANYTHING
BEFORE THAT?
LYNNE CAME BACK SOMEHOW.
LYNNE?
YEAH. MALLORY.
THE PRENATAL NURSE.
OH. SO YOU DID USE
THE HOSPITAL'S SERVICES.
WHEN DID SHE SEE YOU?
NOON. YESTERDAY. SUNDAY.
IT'S TUESDAY. JENNA.
WE GAVE YOU A SEDATIVE.
YOU'VE BEEN ASLEEP
SINCE WE BROUGHT YOU IN.
THIS NURSE.
LYNNE MALLORY. YOU SAY?
I'LL SEE WHAT I CAN FIND OUT.
MY BABY...
JENNA...
IT'S IMPORTANT
THAT YOU REST RIGHT NOW.
I KNOW IT'S DIFFICULT.
BUT TRY NOT TO DWELL
ON WHAT'S HAPPENED.
WHEN I CONTACT THIS NURSE.
I'LL LET YOU KNOW.
DOCTOR...
WHAT HAPPENED TO MY BABY?
HOW DID SHE--
WE DON'T KNOW YET.
BECAUSE YOU DELIVERED AT HOME.
WE MAY NEVER KNOW FOR CERTAIN.
MOST LIKELY. IT'S CORD RELATED.
THE UMBILICAL CORD
COULD HAVE GOTTEN TANGLED
AND DEPRIVED
THE BABY OF OXYGEN.
OKAY.
BUT EVEN AN AUTOPSY
MIGHT PROVE INCONCLUSIVE.
I WANT TO HAVE A SERVICE. OKAY?
I'LL TELL THE HOSPITAL.
YOU TAKE THESE.
AND YOU REST.
I'LL CALL IN AGAIN LATER.
EXCUSE ME. EXCUSE ME.
JENNA DAVIS' ROOM.
THANK YOU.
HEY.
TOM?
WHAT'RE YOU
DOING HERE?
?HOW ARE YOU?
HOW DID YOU FIND OUT?
WHEN YOU DIDN'T
GET BACK TO ME.
I CALLED YOUR OFFICE.
AND THEY SAID
YOU WERE GETTING READY
TO GO ON
MATERNITY LEAVE...
WHEN THIS HAPPENED.
SO I DID THE MATH
AND CAUGHT
THE FIRST FLIGHT OUT.
OH. BABE...
I STILL DON'T KNOW
WHAT HAPPENED.
MUST'VE BEEN AWFUL.
I MEAN. DELIVERING
ON YOUR OWN.
I DON'T REMEMBER.
JUST. LIKE. FLASHES...
IT'S OKAY.
IT'LL COME--
IT'LL COME BACK TO YOU.
IT WAS A GIRL.
IT WAS A BABY GIRL.
A LITTLE GIRL
AND I LOST HER.
I'M SORRY.
NO. IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT.
HEY. IT WAS NOT YOUR FAULT.
I SHOULD'VE TOLD YOU.
IT'S OKAY.
WE'RE GOING TO HAVE
PLENTY OF TIME TO TALK.
BUT YOU SHOULD GET
SOME SLEEP.
DO YOU NEED ANYTHING?
THANK YOU FOR COMING.
[KNOCKING]
MS. DAVIS.
HELLO.
I'M DALE PENDERGAST.
THE HOSPITAL ADMINISTRATOR.
I WOULDN'T BOTHER YOU
UNDER NORMAL CIRCUMSTANCES.
BUT I'M AFRAID
WE HAVE A PROBLEM.
THE NURSE
WHO CAME TO SEE YOU.
YOU SAID HER NAME
WAS LYNNE MALLORY?
AND SHE TOLD YOU
SHE WAS AFFILIATED
WITH THIS HOSPITAL?
YEAH.
WELL. NO. NOT SPECIFICALLY.
BUT I APPLIED
AND SHE CALLED RIGHT AWAY. SO--
WE HAVE NO LYNNE MALLORY
ON OUR STAFF.
BUT I FILLED OUT THE FORMS.
ASK DR. MORRIS.
YES. YES.
HE DID CONFIRM THAT.
BUT HE HASN'T SEEN YOU
SINCE LAST WEEK.
NO. I SAW THE NURSE.
SHE CAME TO MY HOUSE.
I'M SURE
THERE'S AN EXPLANATION.
I DIDN'T IMAGINE ALL THIS!
SHE CAME TO MY HOUSE!
SHE WAS WEARING A UNIFORM.
SHE HAD A FETAL MONITOR.
SHE GAVE ME VITAMINS.
SHE TOOK MY BLOOD!
IT'S POSSIBLE SHE WORKS FOR
ANOTHER HOSPITAL IN THE AREA.
I'LL MAKE SOME CALLS.
SEE IF I CAN LOCATE HER.
I SHOULD TELL YOU.
THE CORONER'S OFFICE
HAS REQUESTED AN AUTOPSY.
AND THE POLICE
WANT TO QUESTION YOU.
THE POLICE?
IT'S COMMON PROCEDURE
IN A CASE LIKE THIS.
I'M SORRY.
IT'S OKAY.
IT'S GONNA BE
ALL RIGHT.
HEY.
YOU STILL HERE?
YOU LEAVIN'?
THOUGHT I'D GO FOR A WALK.
OKAY. WELL.
I'LL GIVE YOU A HAND.
THE SANDWICHES IN THE CAFETERIA
AREN'T MUCH BETTER THAN
WHAT THEY'RE SERVING HERE.
SO COFFEE AND DONUTS.
JENNA DAVIS?
YEAH?
DETECTIVE DANA HOCH.
ROBBERY HOMICIDE.
HOMICIDE?
I'M SORRY. YOU ARE?
TOM ROBBINS.
TOM'S A FRIEND.
HE FLEW IN TO HELP.
WELL. RIGHT NOW I NEED TO SPEAK
TO MS. DAVIS ALONE.
IF YOU DON'T MIND.
I THINK I'D LIKE TO STAY.
I HAVE AN INTEREST
IN WHAT HAPPENED HERE AS WELL.
HOW'S THAT?
TOM'S THE FATHER.
YOU WERE THERE?
NO. I LIVE
OUT OF TOWN.
WE'RE NOT TOGETHER.
I SEE.
THEN AS I SAID.
I NEED TO SPEAK TO MS. DAVIS
ALONE RIGHT NOW.
IT'S OKAY. TOM.
I'M FINE.
OKAY?
OKAY.
I'LL GET SETTLED IN
TO A HOTEL.
BUT I WILL BE
RIGHT BACK. OKAY?
I'D LIKE THAT.
OKAY.
WE HAVE THE HOSPITAL
ADMINISTRATOR'S REPORT.
YOU SAY A NURSE
CAME TO YOUR HOME.
CLAIMING TO WORK
FOR THE HOSPITAL?
YEAH.
ONLY IT TURNS OUT SHE DIDN'T.
NO ONE'S EVER HEARD OF HER.
AND YOU THINK THIS PERSON
HAD SOMETHING TO DO
WITH THE DEATH
OF YOUR BABY?
YES.
WHY?
WELL. I'M NOT
EXACTLY SURE.
BUT SHE WAS
THE LAST PERSON I SAW.
AND NOW SHE'S VANISHED.
WAS SHE INVOLVED
WITH THE DELIVERY?
I VAGUELY REMEMBER HER
BEING THERE.
BUT I WAS IN AND OUT
OF CONSCIOUSNESS.
WHEN THEY FOUND YOU.
THE UMBILICAL CORD WAS CUT.
CAN YOU TELL ME
ABOUT THAT?
NO. I DON'T REMEMBER
ANY OF THAT.
DID YOU GIVE HER MONEY?
NO. SHE SAID SHE'D BILL ME.
MY PHONE!
MY PHONE--HER NUMBER.
IT SHOULD BE
IN THE PHONE'S MEMORY
FROM MY CALLER I.D.
[OPERATOR]: WE'RE SORRY.
THE NUMBER YOU HAVE REACHED
IS NOT IN SERVICE.
PLEASE CHECK THE NUMBER AND TRY YOUR CALL AGAIN.
DAMN!
I'LL TRACE THE NUMBER.
SEE WHAT I CAN FIND OUT.
I'D LIKE TO BRING IN AN ARTIST
IF THAT'S ALL RIGHT WITH YOU.
MIGHT GIVE US
SOMETHING TO WORK WITH.
NO. SHE'S NOT FAMILIAR.
LOOK. I'VE CHECKED
WITH MY ENTIRE STAFF.
THERE ARE FIVE NURSES
WHO ARE PART
OF OUR OUTREACH PROGRAM.
TWO OF THEM WERE ON DUTY.
TWO WERE AT HOME
WITH THEIR FAMILIES
AND ONE
WAS OUT OF STATE.
AND NONE OF THEM HAD ANY CONTACT
WITH JENNA DAVIS.
DO YOU MIND
IF I SHOW THIS AROUND?
NO. NO. NOT AT ALL.
THERE IS SOMETHING ELSE
I SHOULD TELL YOU.
HER BLOOD WORK
ON THE DAY SHE WAS BROUGHT IN.
TRACES OF TRANQUILIZERS--
SHORT-ACTING BARBITURATES--
WERE FOUND
IN HER SYSTEM.
I CHECKED
WITH HER OBSTETRICIAN.
HE NEVER
PRESCRIBED ANYTHING.
I'D LIKE
TO TALK TO HIM.
DR. MORRIS.
I'LL GIVE YOU THAT NUMBER.
WHAT ABOUT THE BABY?
ANY ABNORMALITIES?
THERE'S AN AUTOPSY
SCHEDULED FOR LATER TODAY.
I'LL LET YOU KNOW
IF SOMETHING TURNS UP.
I APPRECIATE YOUR TIME.
DETECTIVE.
GIVING BIRTH WHILE UNCONSCIOUS
IS EXTREMELY RARE.
I KNOW OF CASES
WHERE THE MOTHER HAS BEEN
PUT UNDER GENERAL ANESTHETIC.
BUT EVEN THEN.
ONLY AFTER HAVING HAD
A NUMBER OF PRIOR CHILDREN.
AND THIS BUSINESS
OF THE NURSE.
I HAVE CHECKED
WITH EVERY HOSPITAL
IN A 50-MILE RADIUS.
AND THERE'S NO RECORD
OF A LYNNE MALLORY.
THANK YOU.
TOM. THANKS
FOR YOUR HELP.
DO YOU WANT ME
TO COME IN?
I COULD MAKE YOU
SOMETHING TO EAT...
NO. NO.
I'M ACTUALLY
PRETTY EXHAUSTED.
I THINK I'LL JUST
LAY DOWN FOR A WHILE.
IF THAT'S OKAY.
YEAH. YEAH.
NO PROBLEM.
AND IF YOU LIKE.
I COULD STICK AROUND
FOR A COUPLE OF DAYS.
CHECK IN ON YOU.
I WOULD LIKE THAT.
PROMISE ME
YOU'LL TAKE IT EASY?
YOU KNOW HOW YOU ARE.
I PROMISE.
OKAY.
[LULLABY MUSIC PLAYING]
[RINGING]
TOM.
CAN YOU COME OVER NOW?
WHAT'S WRONG?
THE MUSIC WENT OFF
IN THE NURSERY.
I WENT IN THERE
AND I FOUND THE VIDEO CAMERA.
I LEFT IT ON THE DAY
THE NURSE WAS HERE.
BUT IT WAS BLANK.
AND SO THEN I WENT
INTO THE BATHROOM
AND I CHECKED
THE MEDICINE CABINET.
THE BOTTLE OF PRENATAL
VITAMINS SHE GAVE ME
THEY'RE GONE.
I MEAN. IT'S LIKE
SHE NEVER EVEN EXISTED.
LIKE I IMAGINED
ALL THIS IN MY HEAD.
JENNA. IT'S OKAY.
LOOK. THIS IS
ALL STILL FRESH.
IF YOU JUST
TAKE SOME TIME TO--
NO. NO. NO.
THAT'S JUST IT!
IT'S THE OTHER THINGS--
THEY'RE JUST CONFUSING ME.
GOD. I'VE GONE OVER ALL THIS
IN MY HEAD
AND IT JUST DOESN'T MAKE
ANY SENSE.
WHAT COULD SHE GAIN
BY LYING TO ME?
MAYBE THE COP
WILL FIND SOMETHING.
RIGHT!
SHE THINKS I'M CRAZY TOO.
LOOK. UNDER
THE CIRCUMSTANCES...
THANKS!
WITH WHAT YOU'VE BEEN THROUGH.
WHO WOULDN'T BE A LITTLE CRAZY?
YOU NEED TO STOP
WORRYING ABOUT THIS WOMAN
AND LET THE COPS
DO THEIR JOB.
GIVE YOURSELF
A CHANCE TO GRIEVE.
NO. I CAN'T DO THAT
RIGHT NOW.
THERE'S SOMETHING JUST...
NOT RIGHT ABOUT ALL THIS.
JENNA. YOU NEED TO REALIZE
THAT SOMETHING HAPPENED
THAT IS OUT OF YOUR CONTROL.
YOU NEED
TO CUT YOURSELF SOME SLACK.
I MEAN.
YOU'RE NOT ALONE HERE.
REALLY?
WILL YOU HELP ME
FIND THIS WOMAN?
I'LL STAY
AS LONG AS YOU NEED ME.
ARE YOU SURE? I MEAN--
GOD. I HATE WHEN YOU DO THAT.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
THANK YOU.
[TELEPHONE RINGS]
GREAT.
IT'S THE OFFICE.
I'VE BEEN DODGING THEIR CALLS.
I NEED TO TAKE THIS.
YEAH.
JENNA DAVIS.
JENNA.
YOU DIDN'T NEED TO COME DOWN.
YOU SHOULD BE AT HOME RESTING.
SURE. AND LOSE
MY JOB. TOO.
COULD THEY BE AT HOME?
I NEVER TOOK THE NOTES
HOME. DEBBIE.
LOOK AT THIS MESS!
LEGAL NEEDED
THE CORRECTED COPY.
SO I STARTED LOOKING.
I LEFT THEM
RIGHT HERE ON MY DESK.
WITH EVERYTHING THAT
YOU'VE BEEN THROUGH...
DAMMIT! WHY IS THIS
HAPPENING RIGHT NOW?
HAVE YOU ASKED ROZ?
COULD SHE HAVE COME
IN MY OFFICE?
I WOULDN'T PUT IT PAST HER
TO DO SOMETHING LIKE THIS.
WHAT'S ALL THE SHOUTING ABOUT?
JENNA.
I DIDN'T EXPECT TO SEE YOU HERE.
AND I DIDN'T EXPECT SOMEONE
TO SABOTAGE MY HARD WORK.
SABOTAGE?
JENNA'S NOTES
ARE MISSING.
THEY NEED TO BE
AT THE CLIENT'S.
I HAVE THEM.
YOU?
THEY WERE OUT ON YOUR DESK.
I WANTED TO LOOK THEM OVER
BEFORE SENDING THEM ON.
DEBBIE. WOULD YOU EXCUSE US
FOR A MOMENT. PLEASE?
HE PULLED ME OFF THE ACCOUNT.
IT'S A TEMPORARY
LEAVE OF ABSENCE. BUT...
YEAH.
THERE WAS A MIX-UP
WITH SOME PAPERWORK.
I GUESS I KIND OF
FLEW OFF THE HANDLE.
MM-HMM.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
TOM. CAN IT WAIT
UNTIL TOMORROW?
YEAH.
SOMEONE'S AT MY DOOR.
OKAY. BYE.
DETECTIVE?
MIND IF I COME IN?
NO. NO. COME IN. PLEASE.
SO I'M HOPING THIS MEANS
YOU HAVE SOME GOOD NEWS FOR ME?
WISH I DID.
I CAN'T FIND ANYONE
RESEMBLING THE NURSE
YOU CLAIM YOU MET WITH.
WHAT ABOUT
THE PHONE NUMBER?
DEAD END.
ONE OF THOSE PAY-AS-YOU-GO
MOBILE PHONES.
BOUGHT OVER THE COUNTER.
NO I.D. REQUIRED.
THEN WHY ARE YOU HERE?
MS. DAVIS. THE HOSPITAL
FOUND EVIDENCE OF TRANQUILIZERS
IN YOUR BLOOD.
TRANQUILIZERS?
THAT'S NOT POSSIBLE.
WERE YOU TAKING
ANY MEDICATION AT THE TIME?
NO. JUST
THE PRENATAL VITAMINS
THAT LYNNE GAVE ME.
I BET THEY WERE
TRANQUILIZERS!
COULD I SEE THEM?
THEY'VE GONE MISSING.
OBVIOUSLY. SHE DRUGGED ME.
SHE GAVE ME SOMETHING
TO KNOCK ME OUT.
I WASN'T EVEN DUE
FOR TWO MORE WEEKS.
BUT I WENT INTO LABOUR.
WHAT IF SHE GAVE ME PITOCIN
TO JUMPSTART
MY DELIVERY?
YOU KNOW ABOUT PITOCIN?
YEAH. I READ ABOUT IT
ON THE INTERNET
WHEN I WAS FIRST PREGNANT.
I SEE.
I CHECKED WITH THE LAB.
UNFORTUNATELY. PITOCIN IS
A SUBSTANCE
THE BODY ALREADY PROCESSES.
IT METABOLIZES QUICKLY
AND WOULDN'T SHOW
IN A TOX SCREENING.
IF SHE WAS A NURSE.
THEN SHE WOULD KNOW THAT.
OR SHE COULD HAVE HAD ACCESS
TO THE INTERNET.
MS. DAVIS. DID YOU MAKE
A COMMENT TO YOUR SECRETARY.
"HOW WILL I RUN THIS DEPARTMENT
AND RAISE A CHILD?"
YOU WENT TO MY WORK?
I DON'T HAVE TO DEFEND
THAT REMARK.
YOU WERE ALSO
RECENTLY PROMOTED. CORRECT?
YEAH?
TAKES A LOT OF WORK
TO EARN VP STRIPES.
EVEN MORE TO HOLD ONTO THEM.
WHAT ARE YOU IMPLYING?
SPECULATING.
MS. DAVIS.
I'M ONLY SPECULATING.
BASED ON
WHAT I'M BEING TOLD BY DOCTORS.
HOSPITAL STAFF.
THE PEOPLE YOU WORK WITH.
YOU THINK I KILLED MY BABY.
[BEEPING]
ABBIE. HOW ARE YOU COMING ALONG
WITH THE INTERN EVALUATIONS?
[JENNA]: IS SHE IN?
I WANT TO SEE HER
RIGHT NOW!
YOU TOLD A COP I WAS ON DRUGS!
IT'S OKAY. ABBIE.
I WANT TO SEE THE BLOOD WORK
FROM MY BABY'S AUTOPSY.
MISS DAVIS. PLEASE--
DO YOU HAVE THE RESULTS
FROM THE AUTOPSY?
THIS IS NOT--
THIS MUST BE A MISTAKE.
IT SAYS THE AUTOPSY
WAS NEVER PERFORMED.
YOUR CHILD'S REMAINS
WERE CREMATED.
WHAT?
I HAVEN'T PLANNED THE SERVICE.
I'M TERRIBLY SORRY.
I CAN ONLY GO
BY WHAT THE RECORDS SHOW. AND--
I MEAN.
IT MIGHT BE A CLERICAL ERROR.
SO YOU'RE SAYING--
YOU'RE SAYING
THIS IS A MISTAKE?
I DON'T BUY IT.
I PROMISE I WILL PERSONALLY
LOOK INTO THIS.
SOMEONE'S TAMPERING
WITH YOUR RECORDS
AND THAT'S ALL YOU HAVE TO SAY.
"YOU'LL LOOK INTO IT?"
I KNOW.
I AM TERRIBLY SORRY.
NO. I DON'T WANT YOUR APOLOGY!
I WANT TO KNOW
WHO'S RESPONSIBLE.
WHY DON'T YOU CALL HOCH?
YOU WERE QUICK ENOUGH
TO CALL HER ABOUT ME.
TELL HER TO INVESTIGATE!
MS. DAVIS.
IF YOU'LL JUST LET--
TOM. THANK GOD.
THIS IS TURNING INTO
A NIGHTMARE.
JENNA. I MAY HAVE
FOUND SOMETHING.
SO I TOOK A LOOK
AT THE FOOTAGE FROM THE VIDEO.
NOW. THE CAMERA SHUTS OFF
SOON AFTER YOU PUT IT DOWN.
SO THERE'S NO VISUAL
OF THE WOMAN.
I ALREADY TOLD YOU
SHE'S NOT ON THE VIDEO.
YEAH. I KNOW.
BUT I DID FIND SOMETHING.
SO I DOWNLOADED IT TO MY LAPTOP
SO WE COULD BLOW IT UP.
OKAY.
ALL RIGHT.
YOU SEE. AT THE POINT
WHEN YOU PUT IT DOWN.
IT'S FRAMING THE WINDOW.
WHAT DO YOU SEE RIGHT THERE?
A CAR?
YEAH. A 2000
FORD TAURUS.
LOOK AT THIS.
A PARTIAL PLATE NUMBER.
NOW. I CONTACTED
A FRIEND OF MINE BACK HOME
THAT WORKS AT THE PAPER.
GAVE HIM THIS LICENSE PLATE.
THIS GUY IS DIALED IN
TO ALL SORTS OF AGENCIES.
HE'S GOING TO TRACK
THIS DOWN FOR US.
TOM...
THAT COP I SPOKE TO...
SHE THINKS I MIGHT HAVE HAD
SOMETHING TO DO
WITH THE BABY'S DEATH.
THEY CAN'T BE SERIOUS!
THEY FOUND DRUGS
IN MY SYSTEM.
AND IT GETS WORSE.
THE BABY'S REMAINS
WERE CREMATED.
I'VE RUN THROUGH THIS
OVER AND OVER AGAIN.
AND THE ONLY THING
THAT MAKES SENSE
IS THAT THE NURSE WHO TREATED ME
WAS AFTER MY BABY.
WHAT?
I KNOW. BUT. LOOK.
THERE'S A PATTERN. OKAY?
SHE POSES AS A NURSE.
AND SHE COMES TO MY HOME.
AND THEN SHE GIVES ME
TRANQUILIZERS.
AND THEN FORCES THE BIRTH.
YEAH. BUT WHY?
I DON'T KNOW.
MAYBE TO KIDNAP HER.
OKAY. BUT SOMETHING WENT WRONG.
AND THE BABY DIED.
AND SHE PANICKED.
AND SHE TOOK OFF.
DON'T YOU SEE?
I NEED TO FIND THIS WOMAN
AND I DON'T KNOW HOW.
OKAY. JUST SLOW DOWN.
SLOW DOWN.
LET'S JUST FOCUS
ON WHAT WE HAVE
AND WE'LL GO
FROM THERE. OKAY?
HEY...
WE'LL FIND HER.
AND WE'LL FIGURE
ALL OF THIS OUT. I PROMISE.
[CELLPHONE RINGS]
HELLO?
IT'S THE HOSPITAL.
WHEN?
I CAN'T BE POSITIVE
THIS IS HER. YOU UNDERSTAND.
BUT YOU SAW HER?
I'D JUST STARTED MY SHIFT.
AND I SAW A WOMAN
I DIDN'T RECOGNIZE
WALKING AWAY FROM MY STATION.
SHE WASN'T
ONE OF THE REGULAR NURSES?
NO.
ABOUT AS TALL AS YOU.
SHE HAD LONG
BLONDE HAIR. GLASSES--
WHY DIDN'T YOU REPORT HER?
WELL. SHE COULD'VE BEEN
A NEW HIRE
OR JUST CAME OFF
THE NIGHT SHIFT.
I DON'T KNOW.
DO YOU STILL THINK
THAT CREMATION ORDER
WAS A CLERICAL ERROR?
I'LL GO CALL DETECTIVE HOCH.
[CELLPHONE RINGS]
THANK YOU.
YOU HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT I'VE BEEN THROUGH--
NO. WE'VE HEARD. WE'VE HEARD.
IT'S ALL OVER THE HOSPITAL.
I MEAN. STILLBIRTHS
ARE RARE ENOUGH THESE DAYS.
BUT TWO IN THE SAME WEEK?
EXCUSE ME?
YEAH. JUST A FEW DAYS
BEFORE YOURS.
ANOTHER WOMAN'S BABY
WAS STILLBORN.
YOU DON'T HAPPEN TO KNOW
HOW I COULD GET IN TOUCH
WITH HER. DO YOU?
I'M NOT PERMITTED TO GIVE OUT
A PATIENT'S INFORMATION.
WOULD YOU EXCUSE ME
FOR A MINUTE?
JENNA. MY FRIEND
TRACKED DOWN
THE PLATE NUMBER.
IT WAS A RENTAL.
THE DAY BEFORE
YOU WENT INTO LABOUR.
A WOMAN NAMED
NICOLE PARKER
PICKED IT UP.
I'VE GOT AN ADDRESS.
COME ON.
IT'S A THREE-HOUR DRIVE.
OKAY. BUT THERE'S
SOMETHING I NEED TO
CHECK OUT FIRST. ALL RIGHT?
ARE YOU SURE
THIS IS THE PLACE?
IT'S THE ADDRESS
IN THE FILE.
HELL OF A DUMP.
IT IS A NICE TRUCK. THOUGH.
I'M JUST SAYING...
YOU WAIT HERE.
TWO OF US MIGHT SEEM
LIKE WE'RE PRESSURING HER.
AREN'T WE?
I JUST DON'T WANT IT
TO SEEM LIKE THAT.
AND IT'LL NEED A WOMAN'S TOUCH.
SO YOU WAIT.
OKAY.
CAN I HELP YOU?
MAGGIE CARTER?
HI. I'M JENNA DAVIS.
I'M SORRY. I TRIED TO CALL YOU.
BUT YOUR PHONE WAS OUT OF ORDER.
YEAH. I ALREADY TOLD
THE DAMN PHONE COMPANY.
THAT THE CHECK'S IN THE MAIL.
LOOK.
IF YOU'RE SELLING SOMETHING--
THAT'S NOT IT.
I'D LIKE TO TALK TO YOU
ABOUT YOUR BABY.
I UNDERSTAND
SHE WAS STILLBORN.
YOU A COP?
NO.
LOOK...
THE SAME HAPPENED TO MY BABY
JUST A FEW DAYS AGO.
WHAT'S IT TO ME?
I WANT TO KNOW WHAT HAPPENED
TO YOU AND YOUR BABY.
THERE'S NOTHING TO TELL.
SHE DIED WHEN I GAVE BIRTH.
DOCTORS SAID I HAD TOXEMIA.
BY ANY CHANCE.
WERE YOU TREATED AT HOME
BY A NURSE?
HAVE YOU EVER HEARD THE NAME
LYNNE MALLORY?
NO.
SHE TOLD ME
SHE WAS A NURSE.
ONLY IT TURNS OUT SHE WASN'T.
AND NOW MY BABY'S...
DEAD.
SO?
WHY ARE YOU TELLING ME?
THE POLICE DON'T BELIEVE ME.
SO I THOUGHT--
WHAT? THOUGHT THAT MAYBE
WE COULD HELP EACH OTHER?
WELL. WE CAN'T.
SORRY ABOUT YOUR BABY.
BUT I CAN'T HELP YOU.
WAIT! WAIT!
DO YOU RECOGNIZE THIS WOMAN?
NO.
BUT YOU DIDN'T
EVEN LOOK!
ANYTHING?
YOU SAID YOU HAVE AN ADDRESS
FOR THIS NICOLE PARKER?
MM-HMM.
LET'S TRY THAT.
WELL. WHAT NOW?
I THINK
WE JUST WAIT.
SEE IF ANYBODY SHOWS UP
OR COMES OUT.
HOW CAN A WOMAN
WHO CAN'T AFFORD
TO PAY HER PHONE BILL
AFFORD A BRAND-NEW SUV?
DIFFERENT PRIORITIES.
I GUESS.
I DON'T KNOW.
SOMETHING JUST
DIDN'T SEEM RIGHT THERE.
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
I HAVE AN IDEA.
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
YOU CAN'T JUST TAKE
SOMEONE'S MAIL.
I'M JUST LOOKING.
IF THERE'S
NOTHING SUSPICIOUS.
THEN WE'LL PUT IT BACK.
TOM. GET DOWN.
THAT'S HER!
THAT'S LYNNE MALLORY.
ARE YOU SURE?
LOOK NOTHING
LIKE HER PICTURE.
YEAH. I'M SURE.
HER HAIR COLOR
IS DIFFERENT.
AND SHE CHANGED
THE WAY SHE LOOKS. BUT...
TOM. I AM POSITIVE.
THAT'S HER.
FOR OUR SAKES.
IT BETTER BE.
SHE'S LEAVING.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I WANT TO GET
A CLOSER LOOK AT THE HOUSE.
JENNA--
FOLLOW HER. OKAY?
DON'T LOSE HER.
GO. GO. GO. GO!
[RATTLING DOORKNOB]
FREEZE!
STEP DOWN
FROM THERE. MISS.
NOW!
IT'S LIKE I TOLD
THE ADMINISTRATOR.
A DISPOSAL REQUEST COMES IN.
I MATCH THE NUMBER
ON THE FORM...
WITH THE THE ITEM IN STORAGE.
AND I DISPOSE OF IT.
AND YOU HAVE NO IDEA
OF THE CONTENTS.
MR. BENDIX?
WOULD YOU WANT TO KNOW?
ARE WE DONE HERE?
I'D LIKE TO FINISH MY LUNCH.
YEAH. WE'RE DONE.
[DOOR OPENS]
MS. DAVIS. I'M DETECTIVE REESE.
ROBBERY HOMICIDE.
CAN I GET YOU
A CUP OF COFFEE?
QUITE A STORY YOU TOLD
THE ARRESTING OFFICER.
YOU WANT TO TELL ME
WHY YOU WERE ON THE PROPERTY?
I NEEDED TO TALK
TO THE WOMAN WHO LIVES THERE.
I WAS WAITING
FOR HER TO SHOW UP.
THE WOMAN IN YOUR REPORT?
YES.
NICOLE PARKER?
YOU JUST THOUGHT
SHE MIGHT SHOW?
YES.
MIND ME ASKING
HOW YOU TRACED THIS WOMAN HERE?
I WAS MAKING A VIDEO
FOR MY BABY
AND THERE WAS A SHOT OF HER CAR
IN MY DRIVEWAY.
I TRACED THE LICENSE PLATE
THROUGH THE CAR RENTAL AGENCY
TO HER HOME.
THIS TRACE.
YOU DID ALL THIS ON YOUR OWN?
YOU MUST HAVE SOME CONNECTIONS.
WANT TO
TELL ME ABOUT IT?
OKAY.
CAN I SEE THIS TAPE?
I LEFT IT BACK AT MY HOUSE.
HI. I'M NICOLE PARKER.
HERE TO SEE DETECTIVE REESE.
YES.
AM I ALLOWED
A PHONE CALL?
THANK YOU.
EXCUSE ME.
MS. PARKER?
YES.
THANKS FOR COMING DOWN.
OH. MY PLEASURE.
DETECTIVE REESE.
TOM?
I'M IN JAIL.
THAT'S HER!
WHAT DID YOU DO TO MY BABY?
GET BACK IN THE ROOM!
WHAT DID YOU DO?
DID YOU GIVE ME DRUGS?
DID YOU GIVE ME PITOCIN?
WAS IT IN
THE VITAMINS?
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
WHAT ABOUT THE BABY BOTTLE
I SAW AT YOUR HOUSE?
BABY BOTTLE?
I DON'T HAVE ANY CHILDREN.
YOU LYING BITCH!
[DOOR CLOSES]
DETECTIVE. WHAT IS THIS ABOUT?
IS THAT THE WOMAN
YOU FOUND AT MY HOUSE?
YES. MS. DAVIS THINKS
YOU'RE RESPONSIBLE
FOR THE DEATH
OF HER CHILD.
SHE CLAIMS A WOMAN
PASSING HERSELF OFF
AS A NURSE
DELIVERED THE CHILD
AND THEN TOOK OFF WHEN
THE CHILD WAS STILLBORN.
OH.
WELL. OBVIOUSLY.
SHE'S MISTAKEN ME
FOR SOMEONE ELSE.
BUT THAT POOR WOMAN.
WHAT SHE'S BEEN THROUGH.
LOSING A CHILD LIKE THAT.
YOU'RE NOT GOING
TO ARREST HER. ARE YOU?
WELL. I APPRECIATE
YOUR SENSIBILITIES. MS. PARKER.
BUT SHE WAS BREAKING
AND ENTERING--
I DON'T THINK A NIGHT IN JAIL
IS GOOD FOR HER. DO YOU?
WELL. YOU COULD HAVE
BEEN HOME AT THE TIME.
I MEAN. YOU SAW
HOW VIOLENT SHE COULD BE.
I MEAN. SHE CAME
OUT OF THERE PRETTY--
PRESSING CHARGES.
I DON'T KNOW--
AT LEAST FILE
A RESTRAINING ORDER.
ALL RIGHT. OKAY.
I'M JUST LEAVING
THE POLICE STATION.
WE HAVE TO MEET.
JENNA.
TOM. THANK GOD.
ARE YOU OKAY?
YOU'RE FREE TO GO.
MS. DAVIS.
YOU'RE LUCKY MS. PARKER'S
NOT PRESSING CHARGES.
THIS TIME.
WHO ARE YOU?
TOM ROBBINS.
YOU HAVE SOMETHING
TO DO WITH THIS?
HE'S JUST--
I'M JUST A FRIEND.
YOU'RE GONNA NEED
MORE THAN FRIENDS
IF I CATCH YOU
NEAR HER HOUSE. AGAIN.
UNDERSTAND?
I DON'T KNOW
HOW SHE FOUND ME.
THE POINT IS
I'M EXPOSED.
I THOUGHT YOU WERE CAREFUL.
I WAS CAREFUL!
THERE ARE NO PRINTS TO IDENTIFY.
THE CALLS ARE UNTRACEABLE.
EVEN THE FETUS WAS DISPOSED OF--
ALL RIGHT. STOP.
THE LESS I KNOW THE BETTER.
WHY THE HELL
DID I LET YOU TALK ME INTO THIS?
MAYBE IF YOU'D MANAGED
YOUR BOOKS BETTER.
YOU'D HAVE HAD OTHER OPTIONS.
WHAT'S DONE IS DONE.
AS LONG AS WE DON'T PANIC.
EVERYTHING WILL BE FINE.
YOU COULD LEAVE TOWN
FOR A WHILE.
NO. NO.
THAT WOULD RAISE A RED FLAG.
BESIDES. I'M NOT GOING ANYWHERE
WITHOUT MY SHARE OF THE MONEY.
WHAT'S KEEPING THEM?
THEY'RE FLYING IN TOMORROW.
THE PAPERWORK'S ALMOST FINISHED.
IF YOU'D HAD HER LOCKED UP.
WE'D ALL BE
IN THE CLEAR.
NO. IT WAS THE SMART PLAY.
NOW SHE LOOKS SUSPICIOUS.
WHAT IF SHE COMES BACK?
[STARTS ENGINE]
[CAR DRIVES AWAY]
I LOST NICOLE
AFTER SHE WENT
INTO THE BUILDING.
I'M SORRY.
WHAT'RE YOU DOING?
HER PHONE BILL.
MAYBE THERE'S
SOMETHING IN THERE.
YOU CAN'T
OPEN HER MAIL.
THAT'S
A FEDERAL OFFENSE.
I SAW A BABY'S BOTTLE
ON THE TABLE IN HER HOUSE.
WHAT DOES THAT PROVE?
IN THE POLICE STATION.
SHE SAID THAT SHE DIDN'T KNOW
WHAT I WAS TALKING ABOUT.
THAT SHE DIDN'T HAVE CHILDREN.
WELL. MAYBE THAT'S WHY
SHE POSED AS A NURSE.
SHE WANTED A BABY. OUR BABY.
HEY. MAYBE SHE CAN'T HAVE
ANY CHILDREN OF HER OWN.
SO SHE CAME UP
WITH THIS WHOLE
CRAZY PLAN
TO STEAL ONE.
AND SOMETHING
WENT WRONG.
AND OUR BABY DIED.
JENNA. LISTEN TO ME.
YOU'RE TAKING IT
TOO FAR.
JUST CALL HOCH.
TELL HER
WE'VE FOUND NICOLE PARKER.
AND LET THE POLICE INVESTIGATE.
HOCH ISN'T LISTENING.
SHE SUSPECTS ME.
SHE DOESN'T WANT TO SEE
HOW THIS ALL GOES TOGETHER.
[MAN]: BENDIX HERE.
SORRY. WRONG NUMBER.
DO YOU EVEN HEAR ME?
WOULD YOU JUST STOP
FOR A MINUTE?
SHE LIED TO ME.
SHE WAS SETTING ME UP
FOR SOMETHING--
YOU'RE OBSESSED WITH THIS--
MY BABY DIED!
SHE WAS MY BABY. TOO!
LOOK. WHAT HAPPENED
WAS TERRIBLE.
I'M HERE FOR YOU.
I AM.
BUT I AM NOT GOING
TO SIT BACK
AND WATCH YOU
DO THIS TO YOURSELF.
FINE. LEAVE THEN.
ME LEAVE?
WELL. THAT WOULD BE A SWITCH.
WOULDN'T IT?
HERE WE GO.
BACK TO THE PAST.
YOU'RE THE ONE THAT LEFT
FOR THE BETTER DEAL.
YOU COULD'VE ASKED ME TO STAY.
YOU KNOW I WASN'T GOING
TO STAND IN YOUR WAY.
MAYBE I WANTED YOU TO.
THEN YOU SHOULD'VE
SAID SOMETHING.
I CAN'T READ MINDS.
SEE. THAT'S EXACTLY
THE PROBLEM.
WE WERE TOGETHER TWO YEARS.
YOU SHOULD'VE KNOWN ME
BETTER THAN THAT.
YOU COULD'VE TOLD ME
YOU WERE PREGNANT.
I DIDN'T KNOW.
IT WAS A SURPRISE TO ME.
OKAY. I DIDN'T FIND OUT
UNTIL I WAS ON THE JOB.
AND I WAS ALREADY SIX WEEKS.
AND--
I DIDN'T KNOW WHAT TO DO.
YOU THINK...
YOU THINK I WOULDN'T CARE
FOR MY OWN CHILD?
I DIDN'T...
I DIDN'T WANT
TO BURDEN YOU. OKAY?
I DIDN'T WANT TO BE
ONE OF THOSE WOMEN
WHO WOULD TRY TO TRAP YOU
OR GUILT YOU--
[TELEPHONE RINGING]
TALK ABOUT NOT KNOWING SOMEONE.
I WOULD NEVER HAVE THOUGHT THAT.
[WOMAN]: THANK YOU FOR CALLING SEVERS ADOPTION AGENCY.
OUR OFFICE IS NOW CLOSED.
PLEASE CALL BACK DURING REGULAR BUSINESS HOURS.
AN ADOPTION AGENCY.
YOU DON'T THINK
THAT'S SUSPICIOUS?
OKAY. IT'S WEIRD.
WE CAN'T JUST
JUMP TO CONCLUSIONS.
MAYBE SHE CAN'T HAVE CHILDREN.
OR MAYBE SHE'S LOOKING TO ADOPT.
AND YOU'RE NOT JUMPING
TO CONCLUSIONS?
[CELLPHONE RINGS]
HELLO?
YOU'LL NEVER GUESS
WHAT I'M LOOKING AT.
A TRANSCRIPT
FROM A DETECTIVE REESE.
HE THOUGHT
I MIGHT BE INTERESTED.
I CAN EXPLAIN THAT--
SAVE IT.
DETECTIVE. I FOUND HER.
TRUST ME ON THIS.
WE DON'T HAVE THAT KIND
OF RELATIONSHIP. MS. DAVIS.
WHERE ARE YOU?
I ADVISE YOU
TO RETURN HOME IMMEDIATELY
AND SEEK LEGAL COUNSEL.
ON WHAT GROUNDS?
NEGLIGENT HOMICIDE.
FOR STARTERS.
WHAT?
SEE IF THIS FITS.
A YOUNG. SINGLE WOMAN
ACCEPTS A HOT JOB OFFER
ONLY TO LEARN SHE'S PREGNANT.
THEN SHE GETS A BIG PROMOTION.
DECIDING IT'S GOING TO BE
TOUGHER THAN SHE THOUGHT.
SHE RESEARCHES
THE INTERNET.
FINDS A WAY--
AND SELF-TERMINATES
THE PREGNANCY.
TO COVER HER TRACKS.
SHE MANUFACTURES
A MYSTERIOUS NURSE--
IF I DIDN'T WANT
TO HAVE THIS BABY.
THEN WHY WOULD I HAVE WAITED
UNTIL SHE WAS DUE?
I MEAN. PUT TOGETHER
A WHOLE NURSERY!
TAKEN VIDEOS!
I CAN'T BELIEVE THAT
YOU WOULD THINK I WOULD DO THIS.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO THINK.
MS. DAVIS.
I ADVISE YOU TO RETURN
HOME IMMEDIATELY
OR I'LL COME
AND GET YOU MYSELF.
JENNA. WHAT?
HOCH WANTS TO CHARGE ME
WITH NEGLIGENT HOMICIDE.
THAT'S RIDICULOUS!
TOM. DO YOU THINK
I'M CRAZY?
NO.
I CAN'T GO THE POLICE.
IF THEY CHARGE ME.
BY THE TIME
THIS GOES TO TRIAL.
THAT WOMAN
WILL BE LONG GONE.
I'M NOT GOING BACK
UNTIL I HAVE ANSWERS.
I WANT TO GO TO
THAT ADOPTION AGENCY.
IT'S MY ONLY LEAD.
SAY YOU'RE RIGHT.
IF YOU GO BACK THERE.
YOU'RE GOING
TO TIP THEM OFF.
THEY PROBABLY KNOW
WHO YOU ARE.
THEY MIGHT RECOGNIZE
A SINGLE WOMAN
NAMED JENNA DAVIS.
BUT THEY WON'T SUSPECT
MR. AND MRS. TOM ROBBINS?
THIS IS THE PLACE
NICOLE PARKER WENT IN.
HELLO.
HI.
MR. AND MRS. ROBBINS
FOR MR. SEVERS.
HONEY. RELAX.
I CAN'T HELP IT.
I'M NERVOUS.
PLEASE. COME IN.
[RECEPTIONIST]:
SEVERS ADOPTION AGENCY.
HAVE A SEAT.
I'M DOLAN SEVERS.
WHAT CAN I DO FOR YOU TODAY?
WELL. WE'RE INTERESTED
IN ADOPTING.
WE THOUGHT
WE'D START HERE.
SINCE WE'VE HEARD
SO MANY GOOD THINGS
ABOUT YOUR AGENCY.
REALLY? FROM WHERE?
YOU DON'T MAKE THE COVER
OF A MAJOR MAGAZINE
UNLESS YOU'RE DOING
SOMETHING RIGHT.
WELL. WE DO WHAT WE CAN.
WE ARE A CLIENT-
CENTERED AGENCY
AND OUR GOAL IS
TO HELP YOU MAKE
THE RIGHT DECISION
IN REGARDS TO
PLANNING YOUR FAMILY.
EACH YEAR. WE PLACE
APPROXIMATELY 120 CHILDREN
FROM ALL ACROSS
THE UNITED STATES
AND FROM OTHER
COUNTRIES AS WELL.
WELL. NOW YOU KNOW
SOMETHING ABOUT US.
TELL ME ABOUT YOURSELVES.
HOW LONG HAVE
YOU TWO BEEN MARRIED?
HAPPILY MARRIED.
THREE YEARS.
ADOPTION IS
A VERY IMPORTANT DECISION.
HAVE YOU THOUGHT THE MATTER
THROUGH ENTIRELY?
WE WANT TO MAKE SURE
IT'S THE CORRECT
CHOICE FOR YOU--
WE PLANNED ON GETTING PREGNANT
ON OUR HONEYMOON. BUT...
IT TURNS OUT...
I CAN'T HAVE CHILDREN.
WE'VE TRIED FERTILITY DRUGS.
INVITRO--
WE JUST WANT A BABY.
I UNDERSTAND.
DO YOU HAVE A SEX IN MIND?
GIRL.
BOY.
I'M SORRY. GIRL.
MADELINE. RIGHT?
YOU REMEMBERED.
BASED ON
THE CHILDREN'S STORY.
YOU TOLD ME
ON OUR THIRD DATE--
MY GOSH. THAT'S RIGHT.
AFTER WE GOT BACK FROM DINNER.
CURRENTLY.
I HAVE THREE CHILDREN
YOU MIGHT WANT TO CONSIDER.
IF YOU'RE INTERESTED
IN AN INTERNATIONAL ADOPTION.
THERE IS A VERY LOVELY
SIX-MONTH-OLD KOREAN GIRL.
YOU WOULD BE REQUIRED
TO TRAVEL TO MEET HER.
AND I HAVE TWO BEAUTIFUL
CHILDREN OF SPECIAL NEEDS--
SO LONG AS
SHE'S HEALTHY.
AND WHITE.
CAUCASIAN. HONEY.
WE'RE NOT PREJUDICED.
WE JUST WANT A CHILD
THAT WON'T BE
OBVIOUSLY PERCEIVED
AS ADOPTED.
EXCUSE ME.
THEY'RE HERE ALREADY?
I'M GOING TO NEED
A COUPLE OF MORE MINUTES.
LET THEM SEE THE CHILD.
TELL THEM I'M WITH
OTHER CLIENTS.
MR. AND MRS. ROBBINS.
I'LL BE HONEST WITH YOU.
DEMAND FOR A HEALTHY WHITE BABY.
BOY OR GIRL. IS GREAT.
THOUGH I DID RECENTLY
PLACE A CHILD
WHICH FITS THAT DESCRIPTION.
THAT COUPLE HAD BEEN WAITING
FOR ALMOST A YEAR.
ANOTHER YEAR?
HONEY. I CAN'T WAIT THAT LONG.
MR. SEVERS.
IF THIS IS ABOUT MONEY--
IT'S NOT ABOUT
THE MONEY. MR. ROBBINS.
IT'S ABOUT WHAT'S BEST
FOR THE CHILD.
I'LL TELL YOU WHAT.
MY SECRETARY HAS SOME FORMS
YOU CAN FILL OUT.
ONCE I HAVE
ALL YOUR INFORMATION.
THEN I CAN GET
A BETTER FEEL
FOR YOUR NEEDS.
ELLEN. COULD I HAVE
AN APPLICATION
FOR THESE NICE FOLKS?
SHE'S SO LOVELY.
[MR. SEVERS]:
MR. AND MRS. BENNINGS.
I'LL BE
RIGHT WITH YOU.
[MR. BENNINGS]:
TAKE YOUR TIME.
[MRS. BENNINGS]:
SHE'S SO LOVELY.
THANK YOU BOTH
FOR COMING IN.
YOU CAN MAIL US
THE APPLICATION
ONCE YOU'VE
FILLED IT OUT.
THAT'S GREAT.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
BYE-BYE.
BYE.
[ELEVATOR BELL DINGS]
COME ON.
MR. SEVERS.
MY WIFE WAS WONDERING
IF WE MIGHT BE ABLE
TO TAKE HER HOME
WITH US TONIGHT.
TO THE HOTEL.
SO WE CAN BEGIN TO BOND
WITH THE CHILD
BEFORE WE GET ON
THE PLANE TOMORROW--
I'M SORRY.
THOUGH I DIDN'T MIND
ARRANGING THIS ADDITIONAL VISIT.
BY LAW.
WE CAN'T RELEASE YOUR BABY
UNTIL THE PAPERWORK
IS IN ORDER.
BUT THAT'LL ALL BE FINALIZED
IN THE MORNING.
JUST ONE MORE DAY.
SHE'LL BE YOURS.
SO WHAT DO YOU THINK?
THE PLACE SEEMED LEGIT.
SEVERS DIDN'T
EVEN FLINCH
WHEN I TALKED
ABOUT MONEY.
TOM. BACK THERE...
WHEN I SAW THAT BABY...
LOOK. I KNOW IT'S HARD.
NO. NO.
IT'S NOT JUST THAT.
I MEAN. I KNOW IT SOUNDS CRAZY.
CALL IT WOMAN'S INTUITION.
MATERNAL INSTINCT.
I DON'T KNOW. BUT...
SOMETHING'S NOT RIGHT
ABOUT THIS PLACE.
I CAN FEEL IT.
WELL. WE KNOW
NICOLE STOPPED HERE.
BUT WE DON'T KNOW WHY.
IT'S NOT NEARLY ENOUGH
TO START MAKING
WILD ACCUSATIONS.
UNLESS WE HAD SOME PROOF.
MAN. THIS GUY
IS REALLY BURNING
THE MIDNIGHT OIL.
TWO STAKEOUTS.
WE SHOULD HAVE
SOME DONUTS OR SOMETHING.
TOM. DO YOU THINK
I'D MAKE A GOOD MOTHER?
WHAT?
OF COURSE
YOU'D BE A GOOD--
NO. I MEAN IT.
WHAT IF I WAS
SO CAUGHT UP IN MY CAREER
THAT I TOOK MY CHILD
FOR GRANTED?
LIKE YOUR MOM?
YEAH.
WHAT IF I TURNED OUT
JUST LIKE HER?
YOU DON'T HAVE TO
GO DOWN THAT PATH.
THINGS COULD BE DIFFERENT
IF YOU HAD SOME SUPPORT.
AFTER YOU LEFT. I WONDERED...
YOU KNOW?
DID I BLOW IT?
DID I SETTLE FOR A LESSER ME
BY LETTING YOU GO?
DO YOU REALLY...
DO YOU REALLY THINK
IT COULD BE DIFFERENT?
I DON'T KNOW.
WE BOTH LOVE OUR CAREERS
SO MUCH.
WHAT'D WE HAVE.
TWO NIGHTS A WEEK?
WHEN WE WERE LUCKY.
SURE DID CRAM
A WEEK'S WORTH OF THINGS
INTO THOSE TWO NIGHTS. THOUGH.
SHUT UP!
THIS IS DIFFERENT.
WE CAN'T RAISE A CHILD
TWO NIGHTS A WEEK.
LATE NIGHTS AT THE OFFICE
AND DINNERS DOWNTOWN
WON'T CUT IT.
OKAY. SO WE STAY HOME.
ORDER IN.
ANY GOOD SZECHUAN PLACES
NEAR YOUR PLACE?
IS THAT WHAT YOU WANT?
TO TRY AGAIN?
TOM. THERE HE IS.
HE'S GOING TO SEE US.
[ENGINE STARTING]
WHAT WAS THAT?
THE ANSWER
TO YOUR QUESTION.
COME ON.
[JANGLING]
IT'S WHERE MY SECRETARY
KEEPS THE KEYS TO MY OFFICE.
[TOM]: I REMEMBER THE NAME
WAS BENNINGS.
YOU CHECK THE COMPUTER.
I'LL LOOK AT THE FILES.
I THINK I FOUND
THE BENNINGS FILE.
"DEAR MR. AND MRS. BENNINGS.
"THIS LETTER IS TO INFORM YOU
THAT WE HAVE A MATCH.
"A HEALTHY BABY GIRL
FROM EDUCATED PARENTS...
FOR $225.000."
HEY. LOOK AT THIS.
THERE'S A LIST
OF NICOLE'S EXPENSES.
PITOCIN. TRANQUILIZERS...
BENDIX. HISTOLOGY.
BENDIX?
WHAT'S BENDIX?
THAT'S THE GUY
FROM THE PHONE BILL.
HOSPITAL MORGUE.
MR. BENDIX. PLEASE.
HE'S ON A DAY SHIFT.
CAN I TAKE A MESSAGE?
WHY WOULD SHE BE CALLING
THE MORGUE?
THE BIRTH CERTIFICATE...
FROM THE BABY THAT
THE BENNINGS ARE ADOPTING--
DOES IT SAY
WHO THE BIRTH MOTHER IS?
NO. IT'S NOT HERE.
HANG ON.
I'LL CHECK THE OTHER FILES.
HEY. I'VE GOT A RECEIPT HERE
FOR SERVICES RENDERED.
IT'S MADE OUT TO MAGGIE CARTER.
TOM. LISTEN TO THIS.
IT'S AN EMAIL
SENT FROM NICOLE PARKER
AT 6:00 A.M..
ON THE 17TH OF THE MONTH.
"BABY DELIVERED.
SWITCH SUCCESSFUL."
THE 17TH
IS THE MORNING I GAVE BIRTH.
[DOOR OPENING]
SOMEONE'S HERE.
COME ON.
I LEFT THE FILE OPEN.
THE EVIDENCE!
FORGET IT.
THE POLICE
WILL GRAB IT.
MY GOD. TOM.
THEY STOLE OUR BABY
AND REPLACED HER
WITH MAGGIE CARTER'S STILLBORN.
YEAH. BUT HOW
WOULD THEY GET--
THE MORGUE.
THAT'S WHY THERE'S
NO BIRTH CERTIFICATE--
AT LEAST NOT A REAL ONE.
IF WE COULD FIND IT.
WE COULD TAKE IT
TO THE POLICE.
AND THEY COULD
VERIFY IT.
TOM. THAT LITTLE GIRL
THAT THE BENNINGS ARE TAKING...
IT'S MADELINE.
JENNA. DON'T...
TOM. I KNOW THAT'S MADELINE.
IT'S OUR LITTLE GIRL.
WE CAN'T KNOW THAT FOR SURE.
THOSE FILES
AREN'T CONCRETE ENOUGH.
CONCRETE ENOUGH TO BE POSSIBLE.
LOOK. WE NEED
TO SEE SEVERS AGAIN.
FLUSH HIM OUT.
FIND OUT WHERE
THEY'RE TAKING THE BABY
AND BE THERE TO GET HER BACK.
WE DON'T EVEN KNOW
IF HE'S A PART OF THIS.
MAYBE HE DOESN'T KNOW
THAT SHE WAS OBTAINED ILLEGALLY.
DO YOU REALLY THINK THAT?
NO.
OKAY...
IF WE CAN VERIFY IT.
THEN THE POLICE
WILL HAVE TO INVESTIGATE.
WOULD YOU SEE THAT THESE FILES
ARE SENT OVER TO CHILD SERVICES?
MR. SEVERS.
OH. MR. AND MRS. ROBBINS?
BACK SO SOON?
YES. I KNOW
YOU WEREN'T EXPECTING US.
BUT DO YOU HAVE
A MOMENT?
PLEASE.
WELL. DID YOU HAVE
A CHANGE OF HEART
ABOUT ONE OF THE CHILDREN
I MENTIONED?
ACTUALLY--
WE'D LIKE TO TALK ABOUT
THE BABY WE SAW YESTERDAY.
THE LITTLE GIRL.
I'M SORRY.
BUT SHE'S ALREADY BEEN ADOPTED.
ARE YOU SURE YOU'RE
DOING THE RIGHT THING?
WHAT I MEAN IS.
HOW DO YOU KNOW
THEY'RE THE RIGHT FIT?
MR. ROBBINS. WE SCREEN
ALL OUR APPLICANTS
VERY CAREFULLY.
WELL. WHAT ABOUT
THE BIRTH MOTHER?
DOESN'T SHE HAVE
ANY SAY IN THIS?
[TOM]: MAYBE
WE COULD MEET WITH HER?
I'M SORRY. BUT
THAT'S NOT POSSIBLE.
NOW. YOU'RE REALLY
GOING TO HAVE TO SCHEDULE
A FORMAL APPOINTMENT--
HAVE THE BENNINGS
MET HER?
HAVE YOU MET HER?
THE BIRTH MOTHER?
WHAT ARE YOU GETTING AT?
MR. SEVERS.
WE HAVE REASON TO BELIEVE
THAT THAT BABY'S BEEN STOLEN.
[TELEPHONE RINGS]
THAT'S JENNA DAVIS
YOU'RE TALKING TO.
I'D WATCH WHAT I SAID
IF I WERE YOU.
THANK YOU.
IS THE BIRTH MOTHER'S NAME
JENNA DAVIS?
I HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT
AND I WOULD LIKE
THE BOTH OF YOU TO LEAVE.
I THINK YOU KNOW EXACTLY
WHAT WE'RE TALKING ABOUT.
CALL FOR SECURITY.
I WANT THE TWO OF YOU
OUT OF MY OFFICE--RIGHT NOW!
AND I WANT MY BABY!
ALL RIGHT. WE'RE GOING.
WE'RE GOING TO HAVE TO
KEEP AN EYE ON THIS PLACE.
THEY'RE DEFINITELY
GOING TO MOVE THE BABY.
DETECTIVE HOCH. PLEASE.
[TELEPHONE RINGS]
ROBBERY HOMICIDE.
IT'S JENNA DAVIS.
YOU HAVE TO LISTEN TO ME.
ARE YOU BACK IN TOWN?
I FIGURED OUT HOW THEY DID IT.
THE SEVERS' ADOPTION AGENCY
IS BEHIND IT.
DOLAN SEVERS HIRED A WOMAN
NAMED NICOLE PARKER
TO POSE AS A NURSE.
CLAIMING SHE WAS
LYNNE MALLORY.
SHE SWITCHED MY BABY
WITH A STILLBORN
SO THEY COULD SELL HER.
AND IT'S HAPPENING TODAY--
WE DON'T HAVE MUCH TIME.
MISS DAVIS--
I CAN PROVE IT.
PLEASE. DETECTIVE!
IF SHE WAS YOUR BABY.
WHAT WOULD YOU DO?
YOU HAVE EVIDENCE?
A PAPER TRAIL?
YES.
THEY USED MAGGIE CARTER'S
STILLBORN.
NICOLE PARKER PAID OFF
SOME TECHNICIAN
AT THE MORGUE
NAMED BENDIX
TO MAKE THE CREMATION
LOOK LIKE AN ACCIDENT.
THEIR NAMES ARE IN A FILE
AT THE ADOPTION AGENCY.
DETECTIVE. A SIMPLE BLOOD TEST
WILL PROVE THIS IS MY BABY--
LOOK. I CAN'T PROMISE ANYTHING.
COME BACK IN
AND I'LL SEE WHAT I CAN DO.
CAN'T.
NOT WITHOUT MY BABY.
WHAT'D SHE SAY?
WE'RE ON OUR OWN.
TOM. IF WE CAN GET THE BABY.
THEY CAN RUN A DNA TEST.
IT'S OUR ONLY CHANCE.
WE DON'T EVEN KNOW
WHERE THEY'RE KEEPING HER.
SEVERS WILL WANT TO BE
AT THE EXCHANGE.
HE WANTS HIS MONEY.
THAT'S WHAT HE'S IN IT FOR.
SO IT'S
HIS MOVE. THEN.
HARD AS THIS IS.
WE WAIT.
AND WE FOLLOW HIM.
MR. BENNINGS. DOLAN SEVERS.
GOOD NEWS. YOUR FINAL PAPERWORK
JUST CAME IN.
LISTEN. I KNOW YOU FOLKS
ARE IN A HURRY TO FLY BACK HOME.
SO WHAT IF BRING YOUR BABY
WITH ME TO YOUR HOTEL
AND YOU CAN PAY ME THERE?
WELL. THE SHREDDING'S DONE.
IT'S ALL GOING TO HELL.
I CAN FEEL IT.
WE SHOULD
JUST MAKE A RUN FOR IT.
WE'RE NOT GOING ANYWHERE
UNTIL WE GET THAT MONEY.
NOW GET AHOLD OF YOURSELF.
YOU FINISH THE PAPERWORK.
AND I'LL CALL YOU
WHEN I'M LEAVING WITH THE BABY.
[TOM]: JENNA. LOOK!
WHAT SHOULD WE DO?
SHOULD WE FOLLOW HER?
NO. NO. NO. NO.
WE WAIT FOR SEVERS.
HERE WE GO.
JENNA. COME ON!
WE'RE GOING TO LOSE HIM.
YOU FOLLOW... GO! GO.
DETECTIVE REESE. PLEASE...
DETECTIVE. IT'S JENNA DAVIS.
YOU'D BETTER COME
AND ARREST ME.
I'M AT
THE PROCLAMATION HOTEL.
BECAUSE I'M NOT GOING
TO LET THAT NICOLE PARKER BITCH
TAKE MY BABY.
DON'T TURN AROUND
OR I'LL MAKE A SCENE.
SURPRISED?
WHAT MADE YOU DECIDE
TO STEAL MY BABY?
YOU'VE GOT NOTHING ON ME.
SAVE IT FOR THE POLICE.
I KNOW ALL ABOUT
YOUR CONNECTION
AT THE MORGUE
AND ABOUT
THE OTHER BABY.
GO ON. GET OUT OF HERE.
YOU CAN WALK
FOR ALL I CARE.
I JUST WANT MY BABY.
AND YOU'LL
JUST KEEP QUIET?
YEAH.
IT'S MORE OF A CHANCE
THAN YOU GAVE ME.
MR. SEVERS.
WHERE'S OUR BABY?
[SIRENS APPROACHING]
THAT'S OUR BABY!
MISS DAVIS!
MISS DAVIS.
PUT THE CHILD DOWN!
IT'S MY BABY.
PUT THE CHILD
DOWN NOW.
THEY STOLE HER.
AND THEY WERE
GOING TO SELL HER.
I AM NOT LETTING HER GO.
STOP HER!
GET HER!
DETECTIVE REESE?
I'M REESE.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
DETECTIVE HOCH.
YOUR OFFICE TOLD ME
WHERE TO FIND YOU.
I'M NOT HERE
TO STEP ON YOUR TOES.
BUT YOU MIGHT WANT
TO TAKE A LOOK AT THIS.
IT'S AN OUTSTANDING WARRANT
FOR NICOLE PARKER.
A.K.A. LYNNE MALLORY.
AMONGST OTHERS.
DETECTIVE.
WE HAVE A FLIGHT TO CATCH.
CAN WE HAVE OUR CHILD NOW?
I'M AFRAID
IT'S NOT THAT SIMPLE.
I'LL TAKE GOOD CARE OF HER.
IT'S OKAY.
THEY'RE NOT
GOING TO HURT HER.
IT'S LIKE YOU SAID--
A SIMPLE DNA TEST.
THIS WILL ALL BE CLEARED UP.
WE'LL HAVE HER BACK SOON.
IT'S OKAY.
WE'LL WANT THESE TESTS DONE
AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.
I'M SURE YOU UNDERSTAND.
OF COURSE.
AFTER I GOT OFF THE PHONE
WITH YOU.
I RAN A BACKGROUND CHECK
ON THIS NICOLE PARKER.
SHE'S A FORMER OBSTETRICS NURSE
WHO DID TIME FOR DEALING DRUGS
OUT OF THE HOSPITAL.
SOMEHOW.
SHE HOOKED UP WITH SEVERS...
WHO RAN
A MOSTLY LEGITIMATE BUSINESS.
BUT WHENEVER
THE MONEY WAS RIGHT.
HE'D GET NICOLE TO FIND
SOME WOMAN DOWN ON HER LUCK.
LIKE MAGGIE CARTER.
TO GET PREGNANT
AND SELL THEM THE BABY.
SEVERS WOULD DOCTOR THE RECORDS
TO MAKE THE PARENTS LOOK LIKE
THEY WERE EDUCATED. GOOD STOCK.
BUT THEN MAGGIE CARTER'S BABY
WAS STILLBORN.
YES.
SO NICOLE CAME UP WITH A PLAN.
KEEP THE BABY ON ICE
WITH BENDIX AT THE MORGUE.
FIND A REPLACEMENT.
MAKE A SWAP.
AND DISPOSE OF THE REMAINS.
IT'S ILLEGAL TO ACCEPT MONEY
SOLELY IN EXCHANGE FOR A BABY.
BUT IT'S DIFFICULT TO PROVE.
STILL. THE FEDS HAVE SHUT DOWN
THE ADOPTION AGENCY.
THEY'RE PREPARING
A LAUNDRY LIST OF CHARGES
AGAINST NICOLE AND SEVERS.
AMONG THEM FELONY KIDNAPPING.
AS FOR THE OTHER BABIES
THEY'VE ALREADY SOLD.
WE'LL LIKELY NEVER KNOW.
YOU WERE LUCKY.
JENNA.
THIS IS NOT EXACTLY
HOW I'D IMAGINED THE DELIVERY.
BUT CONGRATULATIONS.
YOU HAVE A BABY GIRL.
HI. MADELINE.
SHE LOOKS LIKE ME.
DON'T YOU THINK?
EXCUSE ME.
HI.
I MISSED YOU.
ME TOO.
WHERE ARE
ALL YOUR THINGS?
DON'T TELL ME
YOU CHECKED THEM ALREADY.
NO. THAT'S IT.
JUST YOUR CAMERA?
YOU'RE NOT GOING?
LOOK. I KNOW WE TALKED ABOUT
ME GOING BACK AND FORTH.
BUT THEN I REALIZED...
EVERYTHING I NEED
IS RIGHT HERE.
TOM. YOU DIDN'T JUST
QUIT YOUR JOB?
IT'S OKAY.
I TALKED TO A GUY
AT THE LOCAL PAPER.
AND HE SAID THERE MIGHT BE
AN OPENING NEXT MONTH.
ARE YOU SURE
THAT'S WHAT YOU WANT?
LOW PRESSURE.
A STEADY PAYCHECK.
WHAT'S WRONG?
YOU WANT ME TO GO?
OH. NO. HONEY!
NO. NO. NO. NO!
IT'S JUST...
I GAVE NOTICE
JUST TWO HOURS AGO.
WHAT?
WITH EVERYTHING
WE'VE BEEN THROUGH.
A SIX-WEEK
LEAVE OF ABSENCE
DIDN'T SEEM LIKE
NEARLY ENOUGH TIME.
WHAT ARE WE GOING TO DO
ABOUT MONEY IN THE MEANTIME?
WE'LL FIGURE IT OUT.
YOU KNOW. AT LEAST
WE FINALLY HAVE
OUR PRIORITIES STRAIGHT.
ANYWAY...
I'VE GOT AN ANGLE
ON A NEW FREELANCE STORY.
OH. YEAH?
OH. YEAH.
I'M CALLING IT
"NEW BEGINNINGS."